---
layout: post
title:  "Friends"
excerpt: "Friendship is about quality not quantity."
author: "Vishnu"
date:   2017-02-13 00:01:00
categories: life
---
Throughout years, I have had many friends. Some of them very close, others not so much. But when most of them moved on, a very few stayed back. That's all that matters. It is not how many friends you have, it is about the few you have being worth it.

Growing up is an interesting phenomenon. The things we believed seldom turn out to be true. We were surprised at every stage in life as we grew up. People and places changed. Friends we never thought we can live without have just become dormant connections over social media.

Somewhere along the time, we grew up, friends become *something* we have on Facebook. *"I have 1000 friends on Facebook"* people say. I am sorry but it is ridiculous. No one can have 1000 real friends. Friendship is beyond just contact list. For this reason, I think Facebook should change the term *friends* as *connections* or something.

A friendship is a very special relationship. It is usually much beyond any blood relations. You are comfortable sharing things that even your family or close relatives do not know. You would rather spend minutes with your friends than hours with your relatives.

I have very few friends. Mostly because I try to spend time with people who are really comfortable with the way I am. Not for my own sake, but their own sake :wink:

Over time, friendships are broken, but then there are some that stay on forever. Those are *friends*. Treasure them and keep them close.